README.md, before:

# Developer Documentation, Guides and Notes

This repository contains a collection of documents, guides and notes that we created over the years. The documents are intended to be a reference for our developers and others. It also contains a collection of code snippets, templates, data files, and other resources that prove to be useful to the Get Community development teams. Thanks to [Joey Grable](https://github.com/joeygrable94) for compiling the initial list of documents and to the huge open source development community for sharing their knowledge and expanding ours.

## Core Principles

- [Asking Good Questions](./principles_ask-good-questions.md)

## Code Management

- [Git & GitHub](./git.md)
- [S.O.L.I.D. Programming Principles](./principles_SOLID-programming.md)
- [FSD Feature Sliced Design](./architecture_frontend-feature-sliced-design.md)

## Digital Design

- [Laws of User Experience](./principles_laws-of-user-experience.md)

## Programming Languages

- [REGEX - Regular Expressions](./language_regex.md)
- [TypeScript](./language_typescript.md)
- [Python Essentials 1](./language_python-essentials-1.md)
- [Python Essentials 2](./language_python-essentials-2.md)
- [SQL - Structured Query Language](./language_sql-structured-query-language.md)

## APIs

- [API Security](./api_security.md)

## Utility Documents

- [AI Prompts](./ai_prompts.md)
- [Email Spam Keywords CSV](./email-spam-keywords.csv)

Commit message:

added software planning docs and utm link builder doc, updated solidjs resources

README.md, after:

# Developer Documentation, Guides and Notes

This repository contains a collection of documents, guides and notes that we created over the years. The documents are intended to be a reference for our developers and others. It also contains a collection of code snippets, templates, data files, and other resources that prove to be useful to the Get Community development teams. Thanks to [Joey Grable](https://github.com/joeygrable94) for compiling the initial list of documents and to the huge open source development community for sharing their knowledge and expanding ours.

## Core Principles

- [Asking Good Questions](./principles_ask-good-questions.md)
- [Sofware Planning and Technical Documentation](./planning_software-planning-and-technical-documentation.md)
- [UTM Tracking Links](./tracking_utm-link-builder.md)

## Code Management

- [Git & GitHub](./git.md)
- [PNPM](./pnpm.md)
- [S.O.L.I.D. Programming Principles](./principles_SOLID-programming.md)
- [FSD Feature Sliced Design](./architecture_frontend-feature-sliced-design.md)

## Digital Design

- [Laws of User Experience](./principles_laws-of-user-experience.md)

## Programming Languages

- [REGEX - Regular Expressions](./language_regex.md)
- [TypeScript](./language_typescript.md)
- [Python Essentials 1](./language_python-essentials-1.md)
- [Python Essentials 2](./language_python-essentials-2.md)
- [SQL - Structured Query Language](./language_sql-structured-query-language.md)

### Software Libraries and Frameworks

- [SolidJS](./resources_solidjs.md)

## APIs

- [API Security](./api_security.md)

## Utility Documents

- [AI Prompts](./ai_prompts.md)
- [Email Spam Keywords CSV](./email-spam-keywords.csv)
